
# Capway Interview Take Home

The Capway Interview Take Home is a coding evaluation.

## Installation

To install this application you will need to build the project in Android Studio. It can then be run within the Android Emulator. Optionally, it can be installed on a compatible Android Device that had the debugging option enabled. This can be done be connecting the device and pressing the build button. Manual install command using the terminal is below:



```bash
adb install app_name.apk
```

## Systems Requirements

Android SDK version 21 (Lollipop) or greater.

## Known Limitations
This demonstration application is designed only to show ability to implement an complex UI design. With that in mind the follow limitation exist:

- TopApp bar is not coded to change title with page changes.
- Top scrolling menu is not coded for functionality beyond selection and color change.
- Middle TabRows only have content for the first tab (Transactions).
- Search bar size is large due to the png icons supplied.
- The list view display mock data which is generated by the app.
- List view click endpoints will display a toast message.
- Bottom bar menu only has content for the Account button.
- Image asset supply were .png rather than .SVG so some issue with scaling my be occur, such as with the search bar appearing slightly larger.
- This app does not utilize ViewModel as it is for demostration purposes only.
- Dark mode is unsupported.
- Landscape mode is unsupported.
- Accessibility features are unsupported.
- Localization is unsupported.

```

## Enjoy the preview and be sure to reach out should you have any question.
